---
layout: post
title: "So long, and thanks for all the fish!"
date: 2018-04-16
categories: blog
tags: [socrata, farewell, jobs, career, life]
image:
  feature: posts/2018-04-16-badges.jpg
  credit: Chris Metcalf
  creditlink: https://chrismetcalf.net
comments: 
share: 
---

Friday marked a major milestone in my life. After 9 years, 10 months, and 16 days, it was time for me to finally leave Socrata.

Socrata has been an amazing home for me, where I have seen tremendous personal and career growth working with incredible people. The people are what really makes Socrata special. They've become like family to me, and they truly embody the spirit, mission, and love that has made that company successful, and that kept me going for so many years.

However, after a lot of soul searching, I've decided that it’s time for me to finally strike out and begin a new adventure. After a short break I’ll be joining an early stage startup full of new challenges, where I get to once again be the new guy, and hopefully use some of what Socrata has taught me to help make another company a success.

To the Open Data community - I'm stepping out of Socrata, but not leaving the movement behind! I still plan on being a part of awesome groups like [Open Seattle](http://openseattle.org/), and I'm looking forward to actually getting to be a _participant_ for the first time.

To our customers, whom I've had the honor of serving all these years - you're in very good hands. The passion and the caring that you've received from our team will live on, and I have no concerns that you'll be anything but very well taken care of.

I will leave Socrata with a heavy heart, but I’ll leave with my head high knowing I’ll be able to carry with me not only what I’ve learned in my time there, but also the spirit of our mission to help the world be a better place.

If you have any questions or want to catch up, don't be afraid to [get in touch](http://metcalfsent.me/)!
